good morning it's october 8
2020 and it's a thursday
here in l.a pretty cloudy this morning
gray very still right now
64 degrees fahrenheit around 17
celsius today i was thinking about
pencils what a great invention
the pencil with a pencil
these lines last through time
a lot of inks fade in time
and with the pencil you can make a
beautiful dark line
thick or a very fine thin line
you can do shading you can write things
with it
it's incredible invention
and for instance
one could using a pencil do a very
beautiful drawing
of green onions
today it'll be much cooler
only going up to around 71 degrees
fahrenheit
around 21 celsius
and this morning should be pretty cloudy
but this afternoon things will clear and
we should be enjoying once again those
beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day